#not_now
I don't want to speak with you.
#tuto_wood
Welcome to the Greed Island
I'm Abigail, and I'm charged to give you some tips for your exploration
First we'll see how to get some wood from tree. Take this axe and chop down this tree
#tuto_ore
Perfect ! You know now how to get wood from tree
Now take this pickaxe and get some stone from this rock
#tuto_monster
Wonderfull ! You are now able to get stone
Oh no ! A monster appear, take this sword and kill him before he attack us
#tuto_end
Jusus, you saved me ! Thanks a lot god bless you
You know now the basics of our island and you can now explore it
Go in the north you will find out village called YorkShine
#intro
Hi, welcome to YorkShine. I am Alex, I am in charged to guid you into this village.
Oh ! I see thieves robbed you on the road... At least they let you have your gondolin...
We are actually in the tawn hall place, right behind you can see the Stardrop Saloon belonging to Gus
He will be very happy if you ask for a drink
In the other side we have the bath, a place where we relax and talk about life
A bit eccentric, we have the house of George and Evelyn. It's an old lovers couple
Evelyn is really sweet but George have some trouble with new people
Lewis and Clint are respectively our lumberjack and our miner
You can find them at the extrem right of our village
In the top of our village there is a dangerous plain where some monster lived
Your goal, if you accept it, is to kill 5 of the monster you will find down there
Comeback when you have made it
#go_wood
Congratz ! Our village is more prosperous now
Go talk to Lewis, I heard he needs some help to manage his wood
#go_ore
Thanks alot for all our help. Clint needs also help with his ore, go meet him
#alex_end
Thank you again for your work, you acquired the respect of other villager
#lewis_help
Hello newbie, I am Lewis, i saw that Alex redirected you to me. I need you to find some special wood
It is a really special type of wood, you will find it at the east of the plain
You can't miss the tree you are looking for, it is the only blue one around green
Be careful there is many monster this is why I can't go there alone
#lewis_end
Thank you very much for your help, I couldn't achieved it alone
I will now be able to make some furniture
#clint_help
Hey bro, I saw that you helped Lewis so I ask Alex to tells you about me
I also need help for some rares ressources, this pest animals are really invasive
On the really north of our village there is a sort of stone-pit
Apparently there is some ancient special ore
Some of the rock must have to looks contrast from the other one, a sort of purple, it's what I read on old texts
#clint_end
Wow it really exist, let me see if I can make something with those ores
...
Yes, it is a very pure material, i manage to make some tools, thank a lot
I give you this pickaxe in reward